they give you car keys but where
now your money lies yes and from this or
car key
during the checkout
on the goods can grow and the product itself
somehow Chekhov's dog
Well, not so much to grow but let's say
change what to do when cheating
put on the conveyor and why purchase
car becomes like a game of
thimbles figured out our reporter Alexander
naumov
I got it from my loss I don't know
man to do with it and how to be with this
machines except snow squeaky Ivan proud
the title of motorist is purely
nominally car he has a ride
on it you can not give a decision on 1 reasoning
67 times, that's his wife on no-no and yes
not only will the husband remember the car
poisonous so also paid for it
car twice as much as it should
mercury is of course metal expensive but not up to
the same degree
when it seems the amount in the military announced there
200 that 1290 now I do not remember
agreed to
and they sent an application for a bank loan to
500 then spouses understood they cheated
after seeing the contract of sale lawyer
immediately stated
This is a figure of the diploma when did they have time
cheat
some avtoguru put no stamp
no information no car
organizations that about youtube
proper preparation no start date
warranty period ie car
absolutely doubtful lawyers advise
do not rush to part with money in
first you need to carefully
read the contract check passport
the car
its health as well as the seller itself
The largest market players of course advise
go the beaten path wide and
safe as german autobahn
I would recommend find yourself
official dealer before it is possible
a bit more expensive but it's honest it's honest
it turns out because the quality will be
Accordingly, however, in Russia
authorized dealers come on the heels
so-called sulfur car dealerships selling
each of them seems to be small
but the total volume of the shadow market
estimated billions of rubles I know
that this problem is quite serious in
Russia therefore we have the same
standards by which we choose ours
dealers
after ivan fell victim to grays
he had no choice dealers now
he wants to return the car with all his might
back and terminate the contract and I
I bought a car in this motor show but
it's not easy to do
on the threshold we are met with a formidable but
polite guard
cuff who don't invite someone here
understands the solution and the trick
guard you will not refuse for any
the head he doesn't go just stands for
doors out after a few seconds
maybe then we'll go as well
ordinary visitors and here it was
attachments she bakery or pharmacy on
Posada neither name nor write out only
abstract words auto show and this is
very center of Moscow on your czech street
as a rule, local interior officers
course about local activities because
statement comes a lot of sensible
thought to go through several
doubtful showrooms with a lawyer
have chosen those that already have complaints
the lawyer changes office shoes shirt on
faded jeans and goblet inclusion in
the very first salon are clear signs that
they have something to hide turned attention
that there is no information in the cabin
about organization no more no less
almost every gray dealer
because this is by the way the seller then
at the sight of the camera dramatically changes the board there
It is already a cleaner Well, well, not
burning continents worker
good upstart
then you will be about yourself in everything
offer car can
visible they are very similar to the naive
buyers and there is nothing
amazing experienced seller always
good seller psychologist manager
car sales are enough
seconds to determine whether a person can
to deceive or not to deceive a person
rare case of a host near Moscow
car dealership itself reveals to us
professional secret and his fellow colleagues
what are unclean on that first
turn to pay attention
unscrupulous sellers when a customer
enters the auto show that he is in a hurry
what his eyes are burning what he wants
quickly choose a car faster
pay wait for him having myself in
the presence of his taken change tactics
trust in a professional
test purchase for us will hold
Alexander He served 15 years in the bodies
knows how to do it and here we are with him
thoroughly choose a car say
black economy sedan fragrance all
finish sellers say that the car is
in stock
but we need to wait a bit all
presence looks
under the order
general perturbation frequency and show us
require a deposit
100,000 rubles allegedly for presale
preparation is true money should not be brought
to the cashier and to a separate office
another manager carefully
recounts bills all from now
we look at the hook at the car dealership
carefully order please you
problems this is part of their plan it turns out
what machines we chose in stock
no according to the salon version in a few minutes
to us it was bought by a client on their other
points however legends are different to you
offer one car then by
for whatever reason they tell you that her
sell you can not have documents there
anything but you already
down payment made important
keep the customer in the cabin for closing
get tired of tormented wrap
and here is the culmination of the joyful seller
reports that there is exactly the same but
that is, more than 100 thousand rubles
you can’t refuse
offer to either buy a car more
expensive
either you lose there 50100 thousand in this
the moment you find out and that in the contract
The fine print is not written
people come back don't read the contract then
what they said they believe in all this
sign an agreement on WTO cheats do
bet on customers hurry and those who are already
I matured the purchases here and now but
usually people have them in mind only
one thing when they jump this car and
when they take him away by such a person
once was or baths money on
the car had a large family put off
a few years and the contract was signed for
a few minutes eventually bought in
mercury poisoned machine
worth real estate
dispose of as after who object
shopping so where is her money for it
pay do not have to pledge promised
dispose of a dangerous car for
state account alexander naumov
Olga Korsakova Stanislav Laryon
evgeny paul tiff line of defense